subject is stable proceed to memory wipe
in t-minus 60 seconds I still don't see
why we can't just let him keep this
memory there is no reason to let him
keep the memories of his escape any
skills he learned are kept in his
cognition areas not memory banks
assuming you two don't wipe those areas
as well then I'd have to retrain him all
over again as I was saying if they try
to escape again they'll have some
pre-existing knowledge to help them get
out if they try to escape again
don't kill them next time she wasn't
supposed to die
we're already an hour late
finding stretch
probably
screen is all staticky maybe a little
kick start
I should ask the locals for help there's
no use getting lost